docs: refactor-run-a-node (#3244)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/build-decentralized-apps/quickstart-create-a-token.mdx

:::info Resources

A list of faucets is available on the [Chain Info page](/for-devs/dev-tools-and-resources/chain-info.mdx#faucet-list).

> Faucets may require certain actions, e.g., bridging, use the official Arbitrum Bridge if the faucet requires it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Faucets may require certain actions, for example, bridging, use the official Arbitrum Bridge if the faucet requires it.
```
